F:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.exe
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.pdb
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.Model.dll
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.Model.pdb
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.Form1.resources
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.csproj.CopyComplete
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.exe
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.pdb
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.AddForm.resources
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.exe
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.pdb
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.Model.dll
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.Model.pdb
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.AddForm.resources
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.Form1.resources
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.Properties.Resources.resources
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.exe
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.pdb
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.AddForm.resources
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.Form1.resources
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.exe
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.pdb
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.exe
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.pdb
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.Model.dll
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.Model.pdb
F:\програмирование\AWPteacher — копия\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.csproj.CopyComplete
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.exe
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.pdb
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.Model.dll
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\bin\Debug\AWPteacher.Model.pdb
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.AddForm.resources
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.Form1.resources
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.Properties.Resources.resources
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.exe
e:\програмирование\AWPteacher\AWPteacher\obj\Debug\AWPteacher.pdb
